
It was during the time when the frosty light had shattered like a silver mirror, and the new moon had yet to rise.
The descendants of the far north could no longer hear the divine teachings of the high heavens, and they were consumed by burning wrath, just like in the days of old.

No one knew how to forge anew the marvel the saints of the Golden City had revealed to their ancestors.
Yet the ambitions of the exiled — and the ambitions of the mortal — were more unyielding than even those of the gods.
Should one lose the artifact strongbox that can, overnight, till ten thousand acres of fertile land upon the dark, misty ice sea,
then pen the wild oxen into the furrows so that one may conquer the tundra inch by inch with fire, hoe, and sickle.

then forge the plowshare into sword and blade, and the sickle and hoe into spear and halberd, then let blood be the lantern that dispels the darkness.

And should the staff of creation, gifted by the highest of angels, be broken in two,
then one must govern the proliferation of the countless generations that follow by the crudest means left, that is, through law.
So it must remain, until blood thinned by disaster and exile is purified into holy seed,
and mortal descendants are born as perfect beings, fully one with the world.
The perseverance and determination of all living creatures will eventually overcome all calamity — or at least that is what they firmly believe.
After all, those who have planned the future of their people will never have to suffer the slings and arrows of their contempt.

"Here, drink this pure moonlight, my beloved child, my most beloved child!"
"Let the moonlight weave into your flesh and blood, so that you too may be worthy of the gods' grace."
"Look to the saints of the Golden City. How they drank bitter wine and fought for the freedom of those they loved!"
"Like them, embrace this joyful pain, for from it, perfection will one day be born."

The two could no longer tell what filled the ancient silver goblet.
But if that is what the kind grandmother said, then it must also be the will of the gods.
Yes, everything was for the sake of perfection, and for the fulfillment of a wish that has endured a thousand years.
For the sake of the prophesied paradise and the king destined to descend upon the world, one must first endure impurity and trial...