
Back in the time when the sinners had yet to commit their unforgivable offense, and somewhere deep within the earthly kingdom built underground.
The people of the kingdom had never seen the sea, and nor had they ever seen the real sun.
But even in this dark, sunless place, there were some who still try to reach for the secrets of the stars.
However, they gazed not at the stars, but sought the truth in the mirror's false reflection.

Perhaps because of the kingdom’s unique location, strange phenomena often appeared in the star charts of its skies.
These phenomena were recorded by astrologers as "Signs of Truth," reflecting their deep desire to uncover the ultimate reality.
"Maybe, even if the mirror shows nothing but illusions, it is only through them that we can approach the truth."
This was the conclusion the astrologers reached over time as they pored over star chart after star chart.
But unbeknownst to the philosophers of their time, they had already glimpsed a tiny fragment of the infinity that was the eternal bedeviled sky...

Many years passed, long enough for the gods to fall, one by one, and for the atrous sun to rise where the crimson moon once hung.
Even then, there were those who had uncovered the secret behind the great sin, and so, stargazing became a forbidden pursuit.
Today, only a select few within the kingdom are granted the privilege of sidestepping the ban, just so they may serve their one-eyed ruler.

Yet the unexpected always finds a way, just like the moment when an unwitting novice monk brushes away the dust that has concealed Apaosha's mirror,
unveiling the wondrous light that encircles the distant horizon and filling that tiny stargazing chamber with brilliance once more.
How beautiful a pitch-black paradise is, how dazzling... and yet how utterly… profane.
In the blink of an eye, it consumed every single bit of the young Rausvang's thoughts and desires.
And thus began the tale and transgressions of the mad monk, who later on would sing the praises of the abyss beyond the heavens...