
The soft frosty light, a shattered silver mirror, had lain broken, and the new moon had yet to emerge. 
It was then that the great plan, carried through endless generations since the time of extinction, was on the verge of its culmination.

The bloodline, purified over thousands of years, would at last give birth to the chosen one destined to reign over paradise.
The false sevenfold radiance of the high heavens would fall at her feet, and the bones of the earth would rise to follow her.
She would become the source of the world’s unity, destined to reignite the great cause of the beginning.
This is the sacrosanct duty that has been passed down to the daughters of the far north. So it is, and so it shall be.

On a moonless, snowbound night, the girl chosen to bear the sacred heir finally met the boy from Northland. 
In his eyes, as clear as a frozen lake, she saw a reflection of a self she had never known.
A single, unfamiliar stirring was enough to make the Maiden turn her back on destiny for a young officer from afar.
For this new feeling, this foolishness called love, she cut off her bloodstained crown and abandoned it to the snowy earth.

The fallen one, who had betrayed her own people, ultimately failed to fulfill her destiny.
She was captured by what was a spy sent by the mad monk and soon to be returned to the homeland she was meant to love.
But as she looked down at the officer by her feet, with crimson spreading beneath him, she drew the dagger to her throat in one final fatal kiss.

And so, the woman who failed to bear the sacred heir was buried in haste and silence, her death delaying the prophecy.
Fortunately, the leaders of every generation had long prepared for the blessed Maiden's premature end.
Lauvija, the then-chief priestess, swiftly turned to a lesser branch of the bloodline for successors.
But the twin sisters born of this lineage were a pale shadow of the Maiden they were meant to replace.

This meant it could be hundreds of years before another child of sufficient purity was born.
The glory once within her grasp had vanished. Driven by mad anguish,
the officiant in the antler crown came up with a terrible scheme.
Why wait for the winds to sweep through generations again? If they were too impure
to bear the radiance of true moonlight, and if the blessing of the Frostmoon lingered faintly in all ███,
then let ███ become the tool that purified their ███!

Thus, in the name of the pure moonlight, the priestess committed an act so profane
that even the mistress of the Frostmoon would recoil in horror at the blasphemy.