
A folk tale from Northland tells of two brothers: the Summer Oak King, who brought warmth to the world, and his older brother, the Winter Holly King.
But a sudden, tragic quarrel led to the Winter Holly King accidentally slaying his younger brother, and ever since, the world has been held in an unrelenting winter.
Perhaps in people's minds, without this tragic event, it would be impossible for people to explain why their benevolent king is forever shrouded in wind and snow.
But only the immortal faes know that the unmelting permafrost has endured far longer than the reign of any Tsaritsa.
The White Emperor, who rules the fae from a lofty throne on the Pale Star, has been silent since returning from the ruins of the far north.
He lingered in the birch forest, deep in thought, before finally opening the door to the humans he had once turned away.
A labyrinthine palace rose at the edge of the frozen earth, standing alongside the giant furnace of Snezhnograd.
To this place were summoned the wisest of humans and fae, and here, the first seeds of a grand fantasy were sown.
For countless days and nights, the Tsaritsa’s most loyal and valiant retainers stood guard over this palace of audacious ambition.
Among them were fae who had followed their ruler from the beginning, as well as mortals from a lineage that have proven their unwavering loyalty to the Tsaritsa.
The two brothers belonged to the clan's younger generation. The elder, having inherited the Nightingale's emblem, took up the duty of guarding the holy chariot.
The younger son, who had always admired his elder brother, had no choice but to forsake his family name and resign himself to a life of obscurity on the frontier.
Then, a calamity, born of selfishness, shattered their ideals and changed their destiny forever...
The loyal guard was consumed by the "beast," a creature of pure darkness, for the mere crime of glimpsing the secret of the Philosophers.
His younger brother, who had gone away to quell distant unrest, returned to a world already deep in snow.
But instead of its customary silver-white feathers, the spear he found was now wearing the black stain of noble blood.
Years later, the general who inherited the family name forsook his homeland, journeying into the wild borderlands on a quest for vengeance.
Every time his fingers traced the spear, he was transported back to that long, snowy night outside the ancient palace.
The memory was one that was soaked in sorrow, the words of his old friend — words spoken as he stood before the guillotine - echoing in his mind.
Under the cold moonlight, the world lay shackled by tragic fate, its lost citizens wandering aimlessly through the streets they once called home.
The Torchforger, bathed in the moon's eternal light, lit the everlasting flame and began his watch.